Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/activity-recognition-bundle/activity-recognition-using-iphone.md

#### Data collection

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload *ActivityRecognitionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project will be created with the name **ActivityRecognitionDemoProject_uuid** having a total of 5 resources. You will get 2 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.

Reviewer: will be created > is created
having > which has

Author: Changes incorporated.

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *ActivityRecognitionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project is created with the name **ActivityRecognitionDemoProject_uuid**, which will have a total of 5 resources. You will get 2 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *ActivityRecognitionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project is created with the name **ActivityRecognitionDemoProject_{UUID}**, where `UUID` is a system generated unique identifier. This project will have a total of 5 resources. You will get 2 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.
```

We should clarify that UUID is auto-generated identifier.

We create an EPL-based monitor file and upload it to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. As mentioned earlier, the Apama EPL monitor file takes care of reading the measurements coming from the mobile device, sending it to the Zementis microservice and raising an alarm when any change in activity is reported by our machine learning model.

> Instead of creating a new monitor file, the attached *RecognizeActivitiesSmartPhone.mon* file can be used after making minor adjustments. Open *RecognizeActivities.mon* in a text editor and replace the `deviceId` variable with the ID of your registered device, same as `c_device_source` in the *CONFIG.json* file mentioned above. Save your changes and upload this monitor file to your tenant. See [Deploying Apama applications as single \*.mon files with Apama EPL Apps] (/apama/analytics-introduction/#single-mon-file) in the *Streaming Analytics guide* for details on uploading Apama monitor files.

Reviewer: @MWindel As this seems to be a suggestion, I would better go with "you can use"
